how to make the first rumors the first indiscretions
they started circulating on the internet already towards the end of 2008
and have become more and more insistent synonyms for the recent epilogue
we refer to experia play
the new gaming phone made by sony erikson
is presented in barcelona at the last by wordpress the most
important world exhibition event on mobile telephony
it is no coincidence that sony erikson has chosen to present his new one
very expensive jewel on a particular date
on February 14th, Valentine's Day, the feast of lovers all over the world
sanjay marmorata of video games had in fact declared in a recent
interview with new york times songs and sony president
and our vision of mobile telephony was unthinkable
valid portable gaming platform a real convey pos game platform
non-virtual poison control as seen in the latest generation mobile phones
of castri
the arrow, of course
addressed by the founders to the multitude of mobile phones with an operating system
android xda htc was also
and this is in fact the main characteristic that distinguishes experia
play for all the tac scams in the market the presence of directional buttons of
physical game and not simply emulated on the display
in fact the phone was made with your dove so-called structure
sled
when you use it as a simple mobile phone the phone appears
like a normal between strings like many others with a nice type display
capacitive similar to that of the short info 4 inches wide and glitter
when you want to turn your phone into a handheld console instead
you can slide the top of the phone that will be a flatbed
below only 4 directional keys i 4t pc playstation keys square circle
triangle cross
and the inevitable little santis here has been
old acquaintances for those who have picked up at least once in their lives
a playstation games
the idea of ​​making a hybrid device lost phone console stop
portable is not particularly original
in-game enthusiasts will not struggle to remember a
similar project called nba g launched from one eye as far back as 2003 and then
re-proposed in 2007
although it was an excellent machine, ben10 never managed to
take off and it is strange that in 2011 sony ericsson has decided to repeat one
similar undertaking especially given the imminent launch by the end of
this year from the same sonic as another portable console
the encyclicals should replace the now obsolete happy easter
anyway we tried the xperia play in barcelona directly
and we made some ideas
as a phone it is undoubtedly a good product with perhaps performance
they are comparable to category mice like new lg or htc but more than that
respects
the phones in fact use the latest version of android as the operating system
version two. three.
a version specifically used to hear the sony ericsson spokesperson for
the game
as console we tested it with fifa 2011 football dissimulator of ie
sports
i feel in the world even if at least the impression on the prototype that
we have had the opportunity to try dubai world congress is not one
machine too fluid and fast
good instead, mine with a comfortable layout of the keys and the buttons of
control approach the game experience to that of a sensible one
real portable console
at the time of the launch that will be held on March 29th in Italy
experia play can count on a catalog of at least fifty
games
with a variable price but all around 8 euros
can be purchased directly online on the playstation store
the only unknown concern instead the cost
has not yet been officially announced but should be around
around 600 euros
a confirmed price range ps
could prove to be far too high for such a product
we'll see